Please do not power off your device
Your system is applying a critical update.
Something is wrong
Please remove all connected devices and hold down Escape, Refresh, and Power to
initiate recovery.
Advanced options
Enable developer mode
Let’s step you through the recovery process
Select how you’d like to recover.
You can recover using external storage such as a USB drive, an SD card, or using your Android phone.
You can recover using external storage such as a USB drive, or using your Android phone.
You can recover using external storage such as a USB drive or an SD card.
You can recover using external storage such as a USB drive.
Recovery using phone
Recovery using external disk
To proceed with the recovery process, you’ll need
We also recommend that you connect to a power source during the recovery process.
3. A power source for this device
1. An Android phone with internet access
2. A USB cable which connects your phone and this device
Recovery using phone
Download the Chrome OS recovery app on your Android phone by
plugging in your phone or by scanning the QR code on the right.
Once you launch the app, connect your phone to your device and
recovery will start automatically.
1. An external storage disk such as a USB drive or an SD card
1. An external storage disk such as a USB drive
2. An additional device with internet access
External disk setup
1. Go to google.com/chromeos/recovery on another computer and install the Chrome extension
2. Follow instructions on the Chrome extension, and download the recovery image onto an external disk
3. Click next when your external disk is ready with the recovery image
Do you have your external disk ready?
If your external disk is ready with a recovery image, plug it into the device to start the recovery process.
No valid image detected
Make sure your phone is running the Chrome OS recovery app, or that your external
disk has a valid recovery image on it. Re-insert the cable or disk when ready.
Make sure your external disk has a valid recovery image, and re-insert the disk
when ready.
You are attempting to enable developer mode
This involves erasing all data from your device, and will make your device insecure.
Select “Cancel” to remain protected.
Press the RECOVERY button to enable developer mode, or select “Cancel” to remain protected.
Press the POWER button to enable developer mode, or select “Cancel” to remain protected.
You are in developer mode
To return to the recommended secure mode, select “Return to secure mode” below.
After timeout, the device will automatically boot from the internal disk.
Return to secure mode
Boot from internal disk
Boot from external disk
Confirm returning to secure mode
This option will disable developer mode and restore your device to its original state.
Your user data will be wiped in the process.
Advanced options
Next
Back
Confirm
Cancel
Model:
Help center:
http://google.com/chromeos/recovery
To navigate:
Use enter key and up and down arrow keys.
Use power button and volume buttons on the side of the device.
